Now we need to create what is called a config file, a config file makes logging into servers much faster
and easier.
There is no need to remember different user names and IP addresses.
You log in using what is called an alias.
My server has been configured to only allow this key authentication.
So to log into my server, I need to type a Secich.
Then I need to specify the identity file hyphen I.
The identity file is the path to my private key.
Where's my private key dot SSA slash followed by the private key file name.
Leave a space.
Then I need to type my username at my service IP address.
The command is fairly long to type every time you want to login to your server.
A problem arises when you start administering multiple servers, having to remember different ipis,
different usernames and possibly even different key files becomes an issue.
Instead of having to type that command, a config file will allow you to type SSL followed by an alias.
So instead of you having to remember multiple usernames, keys ipis, you simply need to remember the
alias.
Please note that the config file is created locally on your PC or Mac, not on the server, and the
conflict file is created in the DOT SS directory of your PC or Mac.
You need to specify the following variables in a config file.
The host that is the alias for the server, the hostname that is your servers IP address the user,
that is the ornon root user that you log into the server as the identity file.
That is the path to your private key.
The server alive Intervale sits atop of value in seconds after which if no data is received from the
server, SSA will send a message to the server requesting a response.
The server, Alaf Count Mac's variable sets the number of server alive messages that can be sent.
Those two variables prevent your connection from timing out.
Every few minutes I'm going to list the contents of the directory.
Please ensure you are not logged into your server.
You create a config file locally.
Neno dot s h slash and the file name is config.
In the PDF attached to this lecture you will find the variables host.
That is the alias I'm going to call mine Lubutu.
You can call it anything you like.
Hostname is your service IP address.
The user is the non-unique user that you log into your server with.
In my case, it's Andrew, the identity file, as it sit told, which indicates how Slashdot is followed
by your private key filename server love Intervale 60 server laugh Carmex 120 control x save modify
buffer file name to write DSH slash config press mobarak to repeat the l e s h command.
We have a new file added to the dot s directory and that file is called config.
To log in to my server I type the command s s h followed by my adeus would.
Into passphrase, that is the passphrase to unlock my private key and I have logged into my server using
a config file.
I'm going to top exit, so I've added one server to my config file.
Now, you want to add an additional server to your config file, neno dot DSH slash config.
Underneath the existing variables, you simply copy and paste the variables from the PDF.
You go up just after host.
Say it's a CentOS server.
I'll call my alias C8 Hostname.
You add your servers, IP address user, whatever user you have created on your server identity file,
you can use the same key or you can generate a new Kippy.
So that is how you add the second server, exactly the same procedure when you want to add the server.
Control Kay will remove an entire line at a time, save, modify, buffer, no.
So from this point forward, when you want to log into your server, you simply need to type this edge,
followed by your alias.
We need to unlock your private key and you will log into the server using a Secich key authentication
and a config file.